DEBUGGING.md, before:

# Step-by-step debugging

First, get into the development environment, exposing the port we'll use for the
debugger:

```ssh
make DOCKER_PORT=40000:40000 BIND_DIR=. shell
```

From the development environment, you shall be able to run Delve (`dlv`) in
headless mode as you please. For example, to debug the tests under
`./daemon/images` you'd do this:

```sh
GO111MODULE=off dlv --listen=:40000 --headless=true --api-version=2 test ./daemon/images
```

This will wait until a remote debugger connects to port 40000.

How to run Delve on your host to connect to the remote debugger depends on what
editor, IDE or Delve front end you are using (if you are using one at all). On
VS Code, a proper entry on `.vscode/lauch.json` would look like this:

```json
{
    "name": "Attach",
    "type": "go",
    "request": "attach",
    "mode": "remote",
    "port": 40000,
    "host": "127.0.0.1",
    "cwd": "${workspaceFolder}",
    "remotePath": "/go/src/github.com/docker/docker",
    "showLog": true,
}
```

Commit message:

Allow step-by-step debugging for integration tests
This adds a Makefile target that runs the balena-engine-daemon under
Delve, so that we can remotely connect to it from the host, set
breakpoints, run through the code step-by-step, etc.

DEBUGGING.md, after:

# Step-by-step debugging

## Unit tests

First, get into the development environment, exposing the port we'll use for the
debugger:

```sh
make DOCKER_PORT=40000:40000 BIND_DIR=. shell
```

From the development environment, you shall be able to run Delve (`dlv`) in
headless mode as you please. For example, to debug the tests under
`./daemon/images` you'd do this:

```sh
GO111MODULE=off dlv --listen=:40000 --headless=true --api-version=2 test ./daemon/images
```

This will wait until a remote debugger connects to port 40000.

## Integration tests

This branch has a new `make` target, `test-integration-with-debugger`, which
runs `balena-engine-daemon` under Delve, so that you can connect to it from your
host OS

```sh
make DOCKER_PORT=40000:40000 BIND_DIR=. DOCKER_GRAPHDRIVER=overlay2 TEST_SKIP_INTEGRATION_CLI=1 DOCKER_DEBUG=1 TESTDEBUG=1 TEST_INTEGRATION_DIR=./integration/image/ TEST_FILTER=Delta test-integration-with-debugger
```

You'll see a message on the console telling you when to connect your debugger.

## Running Delve on your host

How to run Delve on your host to connect to the remote debugger depends on what
editor, IDE or Delve front end you are using (if you are using one at all). On
VS Code, a proper entry on `.vscode/lauch.json` would look like this:

```json
{
    "name": "Attach",
    "type": "go",
    "request": "attach",
    "mode": "remote",
    "port": 40000,
    "host": "127.0.0.1",
    "cwd": "${workspaceFolder}",
    "remotePath": "/go/src/github.com/docker/docker",
    "showLog": true,
}
```
